Update Readme.md (#1)
DevExpress-Examples/asp-net-web-forms-scheduler-appointment-edit-form-on-client: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E1547)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
<!-- default badges end -->

# Scheduler for ASP.NET Web Forms - How to implement an appointment edit form with custom fields on the client
<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e1547/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example demonstrates how to use client appointment objects and methods to implement an appointment edit forms with custom fields that operate via client scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to use client appointment objects and methods to implement an appointment edit form with custom fields that operate through client scripts.
```
